template: custom change_mode scripts (#13972)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/api-docs/json-jobs.mdx

  - `"noop"` - take no action (continue running the task)
  - `"restart"` - restart the task
  - `"signal"` - send a configurable signal to the task
  - `"script"` - run a script

- `ChangeSignal` - Specifies the signal to send to the task as a string like
  "SIGUSR1" or "SIGINT". This option is required if the `ChangeMode` is
  `signal`.

> - `ChangeScriptPath`  - Specifies the full path to a script that is to be

Reviewer: Does the indentation of these need to change since it's an embedded struct?  Also, I think you DRY'd up the naming yeah? And finally, I think you need an entry for `fail_on_error` or whatever you end up naming it, yeah?

Author: eh. FAILURE, I forgot about json-jobs.mdx file completely. Fixed now, thanks for catching.

  - `"noop"` - take no action (continue running the task)
  - `"restart"` - restart the task
  - `"signal"` - send a configurable signal to the task
  - `"script"` - run a script

- `ChangeSignal` - Specifies the signal to send to the task as a string like
  "SIGUSR1" or "SIGINT". This option is required if the `ChangeMode` is
  `signal`.

- `ChangeScriptConfig` - Configures the script triggered on template change.
  This option is required if the `change_mode` is `script`.

  The `ChangeScriptConfig` object supports the following attributes:

>   - `path` - Specifies the full path to a script that is to be executed on

Author: fixed.

  - `"noop"` - take no action (continue running the task)
  - `"restart"` - restart the task
  - `"signal"` - send a configurable signal to the task
  - `"script"` - run a script

- `ChangeSignal` - Specifies the signal to send to the task as a string like
  "SIGUSR1" or "SIGINT". This option is required if the `ChangeMode` is
  `signal`.

- `ChangeScript` - Configures the script triggered on template change.  This
  option is required if the `ChangeMode` is `script`.

  The `ChangeScript` object supports the following attributes:

>   - `command` - Specifies the full path to a script or executable that is to be
>     executed on template change. Path is relative to the driver, e.g., if running
>     with a container driver the path must be existing in the container. This
>     option is required is the `change_mode` is `script`.
>   
>   - `args` - List of arguments that are passed to the script that is to be
>     executed on template change. 
>   
>   - `timeout` - Timeout for script execution specified using a label suffix like
>     "30s" or "1h". Default value is `"5s"`.
>   
>   - `fail_on_error` - If `true`, Nomad will kill the task if the script
>     execution fails. If `false`, script failure will be logged but the task will
>     continue uninterrupted. Default value is `false`.

Reviewer 2: Oops...sorry I missed this before, but our JSON API uses the internal struct name format, which `PascalCase`.

```suggestion
  - `Command` - Specifies the full path to a script or executable that is to be
    executed on template change. Path is relative to the driver, e.g., if running
    with a container driver the path must be existing in the container. This
    option is required is the `change_mode` is `script`.
  
  - `Args` - List of arguments that are passed to the script that is to be
    executed on template change. 
  
  - `Timeout` - Timeout for script execution specified using a label suffix like
    "30s" or "1h". Default value is `"5s"`.
  
  - `FailOnError` - If `true`, Nomad will kill the task if the script
    execution fails. If `false`, script failure will be logged but the task will
    continue uninterrupted. Default value is `false`.
```

  - `"noop"` - take no action (continue running the task)
  - `"restart"` - restart the task
  - `"signal"` - send a configurable signal to the task
  - `"script"` - run a script

- `ChangeSignal` - Specifies the signal to send to the task as a string like
  "SIGUSR1" or "SIGINT". This option is required if the `ChangeMode` is
  `signal`.

- `ChangeScriptConfig` - Configures the script triggered on template change.
  This option is required if the `change_mode` is `script`.

  The `ChangeScriptConfig` object supports the following attributes:

  - `path` - Specifies the full path to a script that is to be executed on
    template change. This option is required is the `change_mode` is `script`.
  
  - `args` - List of arguments that are passed to the script that is to be
    executed on template change. 
  
  - `timeout` - Timeout for script execution specified using a label suffix like
    "30s" or "1h". This option is required if the `change_mode` is `script`.
  
  - `fail_on_error` - If `true`, Nomad will kill the task if the script
    execution fails. If `false`, script failure will be logged but the task will
    continue uninterrupted. 

> - `ChangeScriptArguments` - Comma-separated list of arguments that are passed to

Reviewer: Do you still need these `ChangeScriptFoo` blocks?  I don't think so. Also the first one references comma separated lists which you moved away from. I think you can just delete this stuff yeah?  I'm not blockking on this though.
